Here is the full text of the CampaignX Rule Book, transcribed exactly as presented in the document:CampaignX: AI Multi-Agent System for Marketing Campaign AutomationInXiteOut | FrostHack | XPECTO 2026 | IIT Mandi This document acts as the Rule Book for CampaignX hackathon being conducted by InXiteOut as part of FrostHack, XPECTO 2026 Tech Fest at IIT Mandi. The rules laid out in this document governs the terms and conditions of this hackathon event. 1 ObjectiveBuild AI Agent-based web application for end-to-end Digital Marketing Campaign Management for SuperBFSI, an Indian BFSI service provider catering to customers located across India. The application should have human-in-the-loop for critical approvals and a functional UI. 2 Prizes2.1 Monetary Rewards for the Winning Teams1st Prize: INR 25,000 to the respective team 2nd Prize: INR 15,000 to the respective team 3rd Prize: INR 10,000 to the respective team Vouchers worth INR 30,000 in total to other good teams For matters regarding the selection of winners, InXiteOut's decision will be final and binding. 2.2 Other Potential Rewards to Outstanding IndividualsThe submissions will be judged by the co-founder(s) of InXiteOut. If you truly stand out, we may explore the following possible benefits based on merit and alignment: Paid Internship opportunity (for 3-6 months duration) in our AI Engineering dept. Opportunity to appear directly in the Final Technical Round of our Off-Campus Interview (i.e., by skipping the written test and initial technical rounds) for Full-Time Hiring in our AI Engineering dept (this is applicable for only final year students who, if selected, can join us within 6 months of the offer date). For matters regarding Internships and Off-Campus Interviews, InXiteOut's decision will be final and binding. 3 BackgroundModern marketing campaigns require coordination across multiple channels: email, text message, social media, paid ads, landing pages, and analytics platforms. Campaign managers often spend more time on repetitive tasks such as data gathering, segmentation, scheduling, and reporting than on optimization strategy and creativity. AI agents have the potential to transform this process by acting as autonomous campaign assistants that can plan, execute, monitor, and optimize campaigns. However, building such agents requires integrating multiple APIs, handling real-time feedback, and making intelligent decisions based on data. This hackathon challenges participants to design and build an AI-based multi-agent system for managing digital (Email only) marketing campaigns for SuperBFSI, a BFSI service provider catering to customers located across India. The solution needs to be delivered as a web application with a functional UI that allows human-in-the-loop approach for critical approvals. The scope is limited to India only. 4 Core Problem StatementBuild an AI agent solution that can plan, launch, monitor, and optimize a digital marketing campaign (via email), for launching a new Term Deposit product for SuperBFSI. The system should be capable of automatically: i. Understanding the campaign brief as provided by the marketer as natural language text input via the UI (e.g., "Run email campaign for launching XDeposit, a flagship term deposit product from SuperBFSI, that gives 1 percentage point higher returns than its competitors. Announce an additional 0.25 percentage point higher returns for female senior citizens. Optimise for open rate and click rate. Don't skip emails to customers marked 'inactive'. Include the call to action: https://superbfsi.com/xdeposit/explore/."). a. Note: The URL mentioned above is dummy. ii. Identifying campaign strategy for optimal performance metrics (open rate and click rate). a. Note: Campaign performance metrics (i.e., open rate and click rate) may depend on various factors such as customer demography, behavioural segmentation, time slot when the email campaign was sent, email content (including but not limited to style, tone, font, length etc.). iii. Generating campaign assets/contents/creatives according to the campaign strategy identified. iv. Requesting UI-based human-in-loop approval for executing the strategy identified. v. Integrating and leveraging campaign management and reporting APIs as described in Section 5.2 to: a. Execute campaign actions. b. Collect performance metrics (open rate and click rate). vi. Analysing performance metrics. vii. Iterating steps ii-vi. 5 Tech StackUse programming language(s), agentic framework(s), libraries, tools of your choice. Cloud deployment is not mandatory. But a live demonstration is needed (from a local system if cloud deployment is not done). Free tier / trial access of the following tools (a non-exhaustive, tentative list) can be used (however, participants may as well use other tools of their choice): Cloud deployment (optional): Appwrite, Render, Netlify, Vercel. Databases (if/as required): MongoDB, SQLite / MySQL, PostgreSQL. 5.1 GenAI ToolsUse open-source LLMs and/or free tier / trial LLM APIs of any provider (e.g., Gemini / Groq / Mistral / OpenRouter / Cohere / AnyScale / Hugging Face / AIMLAPI etc.). An indicative list (non-exhaustive) along with best practices and key setup guides is captured here: LLM API Key Setup Guide. However, participants are free to use APIs / LLMs of their choice. 5.2 Email Campaign Management APIsAPI Documentation: Downloadable OpenAPI Specification in ReDoc format [and] PDF document. These APIs are made available to the participants for the purposes of this hackathon. A daily rate limit of 100 calls per day per registered team for each endpoint apply. Only one signup should be done per team. 5.3 Tentative Solution ArchitectureThe solution may have at least the following components: Backend that supports agentic automation of: Customer profiling, Campaign strategy for optimal performance metrics, Campaign content generation, Campaign sending/scheduling (subject to human-in-loop approval), Campaign report data collection, Campaign report data analysis. Frontend involving: Simple, functional UI that allows human-in-loop decision-making before sending/scheduling campaigns. 6 Required Functional Capabilities6.1 Customer CohortGet customer cohort by using APIs as described in Section 5.2. This will act as the customer master data including customer ids and their demographic details. 6.2 Campaign BriefThe agent system must be able to parse a campaign brief to be provided as an input (as free-flowing natural language text) by the marketer to the application via UI.  (Example: Section 4.i). 6.3 Campaign PlanningThe agent system must be able to generate automatically: Campaign strategy (Note: recommended to use A/B testing or similar methodologies). Customer segment (i.e. list of customer IDs) to which the campaign should be sent. Time to send the campaign. 6.4 Content GenerationThe email campaign body may contain only the following types of elements: Any text in English, Any emoji, A specific URL: https://superbfsi.com/xdeposit/explore/. The email campaign subject header may contain only: Any text in English. The agent system should automatically: Generate text variations (title and body content, style, tone, length etc.). Decide if any font variations (viz., underline, bold, italicize) to be done. Decide whether to include any emoji and if yes, what and where. Decide whether to include the URL mentioned above and if yes, where. 6.5 Human-in-Loop ApprovalThe application must: Display campaign details (including content, list of customers, time etc.) on UI to enable informed decision-making; Allow approval / rejection. 6.6 Campaign SchedulingThe agent system must leverage APIs to schedule the campaign on any future date & time.  Note: Deterministic API calling should be avoided. For true agentic workflow, API documentation-based automatic and dynamic discovery for tool calling must be implemented. 6.7 Performance MonitoringThe agent system must automatically fetch campaign performance reports (opens and clicks) through APIs and analyse them. Note: Performance reports can be fetched immediately after scheduling for development purposes. 6.8 Autonomous OptimizationBased on performance metrics, the system should automatically: Identify micro-segments, Generate optimized variants, Adjust email (content, style, tone, font etc.) and Send time, and Relaunch updated campaigns (subject to human-in-loop approval). 7 PhasesPreliminary phase: 27th February 2026 till 07th March 11:59:59 PM. Test phase: 08th March 12:00:00 AM to 14th March 11:59:59 PM. Note: Customer Cohort might change on 08th March. Participants must retrieve the relevant cohort for each phase. On-Campus phase: 15th and 16th March. Concludes with presentation. 8 Online Submissions8.1 DeliverablesCode: Git-based repository (basic MVP, scalability is out of scope). Screen Recording: Video < 3 minutes showcasing end-to-end working, at least one optimization loop, and code snippets of dynamic API discovery. (Recording must happen during Test phase). Slide Deck: Max 5 slides (excluding cover/thank you). Must include executive summary of customer insights, architecture, and tech stack. 8.2 Deadline, Format, and MechanismTwo online submissions via email to campaignx@inxiteout.ai with <team name> as the subject header.  Email body must include 3 publicly accessible links: i. Code repository, ii. Screen recording video (not required for 07th March), iii. Slide deck. Preliminary Submission: By 07th March 2026, 11:59:59 PM. Final Submission: By 14th March 2026, 11:59:59 PM. Failure to provide publicly accessible links or late submissions will result in disqualification. 9 On-Campus PresentationPresentation in front of InXiteOut judges at IIT Mandi campus on 15th and 16th March 2026. Each team gets 12 mins: 5 mins for Presentation, 3 mins for Live Demo (brief may be changed ad-hoc by judges), 3 mins for Q&A, and 1 min buffer. 10 Evaluation10.1 CriteriaCriterionWeightCampaign performance metrics in Final Submissions20%Campaign performance metrics in Preliminary Submission15%Quality of AI agent system logic15%User experience & stable execution15%Presentation skills15%Code modularity and readability10%Innovation & creativity10%Performance metrics weightage: Click rate: 70%, Open rate: 30%. 10.2 Red FlagsOnly a chatbot or copy generator. No agentic integration of APIs (deterministic calling instead of dynamic discovery). Manual optimization instead of agent decisions. Hardcoded campaign flows without reasoning. No human-in-loop. 10.3 Bonus Points (Optional)Logging of agent interaction/decision/reasoning data. Real-time dashboards of performance metrics. Cloud deployment. 10.4 Result AnnouncementFinal result announced on 16th March 2026.